kou kou issi fight with loose words
for a moment that I have not done any
videos on youtube
I have a lot of requests on my verse
so here I'm going to catch up and so
make you a brand new video
unpublished with all the babies that I have
had in the game for the moment so
to see them you have to go to the town hall
and in the children's register took
a click will be family album and we have
the albums with all the children
so it's pretty handy for
remember the moments we lived with
children before using a
apartment they go on a trip
so icc clelia the very first baby that
I had in the game and it's my daughter
clara is the daughter of my cousin maele
the son of my brother would have the INSEE the
daughter of both my parents because I have
managed to put them in couple
even in the game lille where it's the girl
my ex best friend
timéo is the son of another of my
cousins alicia is the daughter of my
Step sister and link kenzo this is my
second girl to me
leonie is the little sister of maele sa
hunt and the boy of 2 maxime a friend
but the INSEE the little sister of timéo
shannon it's the daughter of a friend liam the
little brother of Lille or Romans then at
wrong it's complicated because it's the
daughter of my islet the little sister of
clara ewen the little golden brother lynne ley
hiller the daughter of my best friend
ophélie jules the brother of ali ciom wyatt
the son of gael a friend alexia ma
third marine girl she is the sister of
same helene and timéo solane this is the
brother of sacha chloé
the sister of wayne and aurélie angelo
it is the brother of clara and islets
charlie is the brother of romane anaïs
it is the daughter of lilou adelina it is the
kendor girl so that's my little
daughter and lone it is the son of liam
jeden but it's the little brother of
maelle and leonie pink lily this is the
little sister of liam is from the island where and
shane is shannon's little brother
but there is also alexis it's the son of
so clara all the children that I you
have presented live now in
apartment or in houses because
that they are married and have had even
children making genealogy again
more complicated but still
some children who went to
reluctant flying trip so there is
still many I count five
so you can see on the screen of the bowl is
can even interact with them so there
he bought it law chloé lily rose and
alexis klein see we see they
are dancing so who knows they are
happy to be here we will talk with kg
so we can talk with them so we
see their fears or a little message
of encouragement a little bit what they
what do you think
but what I also hide you
I had other children
still kiss so here is my
little last game choice which is in the process
to play mom so there too there is a
baby at thomas and marie it's maëlys
the little sister of marine tale and
meline so it's also a fourth
baby for them after there is also the
maxime couple and camille so they
were related
solana and sasha they finally got their
first little girl she's called
savannah then at Gregory's and
sandrine so my parents we see the
baby who hastened relying that they are
eating so I did
random and its fallout on a girl
so after aureline ewen and chloe and I
called them anaëlle and axel and gaël who
are washing their teeth
in front of the little brother of wyatt name who
is called damon so you understood it
babies in my tomodachi life
there are many and it's not even
close to stop
the succession is assured and I also
a lot of backs to two couples including
a lot of weddings in my city but
the largest apartment possible with
a lot of residents that I arrange
so is by family so here we who
discusses a lot between good complicity
and good atmosphere
Well, we're here for a
next video I 'll try to do some
a little more often
otherwise I do big kisses and I
thank everyone who follows me and what
who kills me his arrival kisses